what is up guys I'll be looking at some
Buddha animations for the Nexus for all
these beautiful animations were made by
a developer known as Overhaulin and they
are actually really cool so I'll just
show you a little preview of them right
now go ahead and click on that this is
just a little tiny preview you can see
here that it's almost like a BIOS on an
actual computer it lists the chipset the
memory pretty much everything it looks
really cool given the text white rami
running so if you scroll down here I
think that's about it but yeah you can
actually press some buttons and it will
enter into this really cool different
mode and I think that it's just really
awesome and you can get different ones
depending on what ROM you have or what
preference you have so let's go ahead
and get out of this having some
difficulties here all right so as you
can see we have cm10 one they all at the
same beginning they still have the bios
animation but the little picture after
is different so for instance if you just
want to look at the CM 10 branded one
which is the one I'll be showing you
guys today you can see here that after
the BIOS it shows CyanogenMod 10.1 and
it's different for every single one as
you can see there's a Franco kernel one
in case you're running Franco kernel
Ingemar show that off and it's also the
stock Nexus loco one so basically I'm
gonna show you how to install it right
now alright so go to the link on your
phone you can see beautiful animations
made by Overhaulin and we'll just
basically scroll down here and let's say
you want the CM 10 branded one what you
would do is click on the download link
so just click on that it's gonna bring
you to this page then click on download
it's gonna download that right up here
shouldn't take too long it will look
like it's going slow at first and then
it will start to go really really fast
so as you can see it's pretty much
almost done right there then once that
is downloaded go ahead and go to the
Play Store and install the app called
root browser lights it's free but some
Play Store so just download that so a
small file shouldn't matter just click
on that and then make sure you have root
access you will need to root access to
use this of course scroll down to sdcard
go to download go to the boot up
animation dot zip right there
hold down on it click rename and then
make sure that it only says boot
animation zip so scroll over and erase
all of that so that says beauty bank
boot animation dot zip then press ok
then hold down on it once again and
press copy now you can get out of this
and then you can scroll back up to the
top and you'll see a file named data
click on that and then scroll down and
then you'll see a file named local click
on this and then just press paste right
down here so press paste it's copying
and there you go
now press home and go ahead and reboot
your device this is going to give us the
new boot up animation and yeah it's
pretty awesome so I'm going to show you
that right now
what I have noticed is that it's just
plain on awesome so just pay attention
here it should load up any minute now
it's pretty awesome so yeah just pay
attention as you can see it looks just
like a BIOS from a computer just loading
up right there looks really cool you can
actually press certain buns to sort of
interact with it from what I noticed and
then I so you can see I do if the custom
signage mod version one so it shows that
and then it just boots up right like
that and I think that's really cool and
I really liked it so yeah just go to the
link in the description if you want to
download it and yeah thanks for watching
and I'll talk to y'all later